suspect has been arrested in the
shooting of three students of
Palestinian descent in Vermont it's an
attack that police are investigating as
a suspected hate motivated crime a man
shot three victims hasham awatani tassin
Ahmed and Kenan abdulhamid near the
University of Vermont and then ran away
these shootings come amid a rise in
anti-islamic incidents reported around
the US CBS News correspondent Nam rocken
has been following the story from New
York well according to police invest
instigators recently carried out a
warrant at the suspect's Home in a
building right outside where the
shooting happened and that's where they
finally made an arrest as of this
morning two of The Men Who were shot are
said to be in stable condition but the
third has far more serious injuries
Thanksgiving weekend ended in heartbreak
though in Vermont after those three
20-year-old men of Palestinian descent
were shot in Burlington that happened on
Saturday family members say the men had
just left a children's birthday party
when the shooting happened according to
police an armed white man confronted the
20-year-olds without speaking and shot
at them at least four times on Sunday
afternoon police detained 48-year-old
Jason Eaton after collecting evidence at
his home also during a vigil for the
victims yesterday leaders of the local
Palestinian Community shared their pain
family members are left wondering if the
men were targeted because of their
nationality they were wearing
traditional Palestinian scars
the three men are all college students
at different schools in the Northeast
police say two of the victims are US
citizens the third is a legal resident
any information at all so far about a
possible motive here well they're
working on that the suspect is expected
to be arraigned in court today and
Burlington Police and the city's mayor
are also set to have a public update
during a news conference later today as
well we may learn more then about a
possible motive but so far what they've
said is that this is a charged moment
and that no one can look at this
incident and not suspect that it may
have been motivated by hate but police
are urging the community to wait until
all the facts are in again they've not
provided an official motive they're
asking the public not to jump to
conclusions also though the US
attorney's office in Vermont says it is
investigating to determine if a federal
crime was committed also the FBI is now
investigating the shooting now me welome
that